Add guide about OZ Contracts Upgrade Safe (#2403)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/upgrade-safe.adoc

= Upgrade Safety

> If your contract is going to be deployed with upgradeability, such as using the OpenZeppelin Upgrades Plugins, you will need to use the Upgrade Safe variant of OpenZeppelin Contracts.

Reviewer: Add link to Upgrades Plugins
```suggestion
If your contract is going to be deployed with upgradeability, such as using the xref:upgrades-plugins::index.adoc[OpenZeppelin Upgrades Plugins], you will need to use the Upgrade Safe variant of OpenZeppelin Contracts.
```

> This variant is available as separate package called `@openzeppelin/contracts-upgrade-safe`, which is hosted in the repository https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts-upgrade-safe[OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts-upgrade-safe].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This variant is available as a separate package called `@openzeppelin/contracts-upgrade-safe`, which is hosted in the repository https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts-upgrade-safe[OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts-upgrade-safe].
```

> It follows all of the rules for xref:upgrades-plugins::writing-upgradeable.adoc[Writing Upgradeable Contracts]: constructors are replaced by initializer functions, state variables are initialized in initializer functions, and we additionally make sure there are no storage incompatibilities across versions.

Reviewer: We may have storage incompatibilities, so some upgrades won't be possible e.g. 2.x to 3.x
```suggestion
It follows all of the rules for xref:upgrades-plugins::writing-upgradeable.adoc[Writing Upgradeable Contracts]: constructors are replaced by initializer functions, state variables are initialized in initializer functions, and we additionally check for storage incompatibilities across versions.
```

== Overview

=== Installation

```console
$ npm install @openzeppelin/contracts-upgrade-safe
```

=== Usage

The package replicates the structure of the main OpenZeppelin Contracts package, but every file and contract has the suffix `UpgradeSafe`.

```diff
-import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC721/ERC721.sol";
+import "@openzeppelin/contracts-upgrade-safe/token/ERC721/ERC721UpgradeSafe.sol";
 
-contract MyCollectible is ERC721 {
+contract MyCollectible is ERC721UpgradeSafe {
```

Constructors are replaced by internal initializer functions following the naming convention `+__{ContractName}_init+`. Since these are internal, you must always define your own public initializer function and call the parent initializer of the contract you extend.

```diff
-    constructor() ERC721("MyCollectible", "MCO") public {
+    function initialize() initializer public {
+        __ERC721_init("MyCollectible", "MCO");
     }
```

[CAUTION]
====

> Use with multiple inheritance requires special care. Initializer functions are not linearized by the compiler like constructors. Because of thus, each `+__{ContractName}_init+` function embeds the linearized calls to all parent initializers. As a consequence, calling two of these `init` functions can potentially initialize the same contract twice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use with multiple inheritance requires special care. Initializer functions are not linearized by the compiler like constructors. Because of this, each `+__{ContractName}_init+` function embeds the linearized calls to all parent initializers. As a consequence, calling two of these `init` functions can potentially initialize the same contract twice.
```

> Use with multiple inheritance requires special care. Initializer functions are not linearized by the compiler like constructors. Because of thus, each `+__{ContractName}_init+` function embeds the linearized calls to all parent initializers. As a consequence, calling two of these `init` functions can potentially initialize the same contract twice.

Reviewer: We should add a section explaining what `__gap` is used for:

>__gap is an empty storage gap put in each Upgrade Safe contract. This allows in future versions new storage variables to be added to a contract.
>It isn't safe to simply add a storage variable because it "shifts down" all of the storage variables down the inheritance chain. This makes the storage layouts incompatible, (see: https://docs.openzeppelin.com/upgrades-plugins/1.x/writing-upgradeable#modifying-your-contracts). The number is calculated so that the size of the storage used by a contract always adds up to the same number (e.g. 100).

> Use with multiple inheritance requires special care. Initializer functions are not linearized by the compiler like constructors. Because of thus, each `+__{ContractName}_init+` function embeds the linearized calls to all parent initializers. As a consequence, calling two of these `init` functions can potentially initialize the same contract twice.

Reviewer: We should add a section on using in the same project as contracts extending from OpenZeppelin Contracts.
